  User Stories						                            Estimate (Hours)
  
  Allow the user to run the program and automatically 					5   
  to create an empty directory
  
  Display a list of valid commands for the user to 						4	
  input
  
  The user should be able to input a command        			    	1

  The user will be notified if their commands not valid 	    		5
  
  The user can terminate the session by running the 					2
  “exit” command
  
  The user can create new directories using the “mkdir”					8
  command and a directory “DIR” i.e. mkdir DIR
  
  The user can traverse through nested directories using the “cd” 		7
  command and a given directory “DIR” i.e. cd DIR. Instead of a 
  directory the user can pass through “..” which represents the 
  parent directory or “.” which represent the current directory 
  
  The user can print a file or multiple files onto the shell using		5
  the “cat” or “ls” command and given file names “FILE1 FILE2 …” 		
  i.e. cat FILE1 i.e. ls FILE1 FILE2 
  
  The user can print the contents of the directory using the “ls”   	8
  command and a valid path “PATH”. i.e. ls PATH … The user 
  is given a error message if an invalid path is given.
  
  The user can display the whole path of the current directory 			10
  using the “pwd” command
  
  The user can save the current working directory using the 			10
  “pushd DIR” (where DIR is a specified directory) command 
  and  change to the specified DIR as the working directory. 
  The saved old current directory can be returned to at any 
  time.
  
  The user can remove the last saved directory using the “popd”			10
  command and makes it the current working directory. If there 
  is no saved directory an appropriate error message will be 
  displayed.
  
  The user can print out recent commands in chronological 				4
  order using the “history” command, this also includes syntactic		
  errors typed. i.e history.
  
  The user can print out recent commands in chronological order 		2
  and specify from which command number they wish to see using
  the “history [number]” command. This will also include any 
  syntactic errors typed i.e. history 3 will display all commands 
  past the 3rd most recent command
  
  The user can use the “echo” command to print a string on				10
  the shell. If a “> OUTFILE” parameter is specified within
  the command, modify the file such that it only contains the
  given string argument “STRING”. If the file does not exist,
  create a new file with the given string argument as the body.
  i.e. echo STRING > OUTFILE
  
  The user can use the “echo” command with “>> OUTFILE” to modify		3
  the outfile such that it appends an extra string line “STRING” to 
  the end of the file. i.e. echo STRING >> OUTFILE
  
  The user can use the “man” command to get a description of 			4
  another specific command “CMD” i.e. man CMD